docs: additional dimensions (#8167)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/references/dimensions.mdx

To customize the dimension, you can do it in your dbt model's YAML file.

If you want to declare multiple dimensions based on the same column, check [additional dimensions](#additional-dimensions) section.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add an example of an `additional dimension` to the YAML example below? 🙏

  "orders"."Status" AS "orders_status"
FROM "postgres"."jaffle"."orders" AS "orders"
```

## Additional dimensions

> You can define multiple dimensions off a single column. This is useful when handling JSONB columns or have different

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional dimensions let you define multiple dimensions off of a single column. This is useful when handling JSONB columns, adding different formatting options to a column, or creating persisted groups/buckets based off of a column.
```
